<Webkit>

<Config>

```
site:
  title: Campaign Template
  template: Campaign
  lang: en-US
menu: 
  anchor: true
header:
  image: https://i.redd.it/x5zojh91awfz.jpg
  social: ['url', 'twitter', 'facebook', 'linkedin', 'email']

```

</Config>

<Menu>

## Events

</Menu>

<Header>

## Header

</Header>

<Content>

## Covid19 recovery and regeneration 

<Text>

## How to ensure that we have the fundamental material requirements to stay healthy through times of crises?

We have seen similar stories play out in different countries around access to masks, ventilator spare parts, access to testing etc. Across global south and global north - crises hit differently - but they do hit. And our ability to respond means navigating many interdependencies. So how do we avoid these situations in the future? How do we make sure that we have the fundamentals in place to stay healthy or even alive when crisis hits? In this series of listening sessions and follow up discussions we explore credible paths moving forward based on real life cases, not pie in the sky scenarios.

To ground the conversation in lived experience on the ground, will invite protagonists of key intiaitives in the series of case stories on the platform ahead of the event. In order to ensure a high quality discussion - we expect participants to have read and commented on at least 3 of the featured stories so that we know that people have some common foundation for a meaningful conversation.

Together participants will identify strategies for what can be done depending on different scenarios: 1) The central State is reliable partner or not 2) Which sector we are in (private, public, third, other) 3) Whether we or not we can rely on cohesion and solidarity in in the situation 4) If we are talking about majority society or minorities. We will end it with a webinar during which we present the findings, as well as proposals for possible collaborations and partnerships between participating individuals and organisations who have participated in the process.

Closer to the date of the event, we will publish a list specially invited people who confirmed their attendance, but this is not a panel. The listening session is simply a moderated discussion with some brief recap of the key story cares and discussions that have taken place on the platform before the event. Once the session starts, if you have something to say, ask for the floor and a moderator will give it to you.

</Text>

</Content>

<Content>

<Text>

### Format & practical information

* **An online meeting.** You register in advance to reserve your slot, then receive a link and password to the event the day before: [Register here ](https://covid19-summit.netlify.app/).
* **Full information sheet:** add url here *(create a new one for each session using [this template ](https://edgeryders.eu/t/listening-session-participant-information-sheet-template/13405))*
* **Not a panel, an open, moderated discussion** . A moderator will give the floor to people who want to contribute something. Some have already volunteered (see list below, updated continuously). If you want to share your point of view, use the call’s chat to let us know, and the moderator will give you the floor. If you have a question to ask the speaker, ask it in the chat (better) or let us know you want to ask a question. Questions are taken before we move on to the next speaker.
* **We commit to doing a proper writeup of the result** (aka “documentation, or it didn’t happen”). Edgeryders also deploys its team of ethnographers for participant observation and note-taking.
* **Everyone welcome** . Below there is a list of the people who have agreed to show up. If you are coming too, we are happy to put you on it. If you prefer not to be on the list, that’s OK too.
* **Please note we aim to publish the content of the conversation as public knowledge, available to activist and scholars** . However, this will happen through writeups by people in Edgeryders. While we will record the event, participants are welcome to sign up under aliases and keep their video shut off. Also the writeups will not mention any names. 

---

### Preparation & Follow up

#### Before the listening session

Discover, discuss and make sense of case stories. We (Edgeryders) knew years ago that healthcare systems all over the world were ill positioned to handle a massive crisis. Together with The City of Milan, The University of Bordeaux, the Institute for Economic and Business History Research in Stockholm, WeMake, and the Scimpulse Foundation m research project we ran a project called OpenCare. Over 2 years we interviewed individuals and groups all over the world who are mobilising to care for people where state and market were failing to do so.

https://player.vimeo.com/video/162811723

We now have a huge repository of stories and examples that we can learn from. These are first hand stories by the protagonists themselves - many of whom are on the edgeryders community platform and can be reached to answer questions, provide additional input or possibly even be engaged in new initiatives. The curated collection of summaries will be released on a dedicated blog.

</Text>

</Content>

<Content id="Partner">

## How to partner with this event

<Text>

* This actitvity can be nested within other events/ co-event (own registration from)
* what we want from partners: Visibility/Reach/Content/Funding… (Alignment)
* We are good at the interesting, timely discussions - but struggle to build a good interface with organisations at the centre whose support we need to affect change.

If you want to help, you have two options

1. If you are an individual: Login to/create an account on [edgeryders.eu](http://edgeryders.eu) and [leave a comment here](https://edgeryders.eu/t/sneak-peek-covid19-resilient-livelihoods-an-online-summit/13296). We will help you find something fun and easy to do.
**or**
2. If you are an organisation: Write to [community@edgeryders.eu](mailto:community@edgeryders.eu) for more information about how you can contribute.

</Text>

<Form account='true' topic='12345'>
<Field id="city" type="text" placeholder="City" required="true">

### Your City

</Field>

<Field id="country" type="text" placeholder="Country" required="true">

### Your Country

</Field>

<Field id="site" type="text" placeholder="Your Website" required="true">

### Your Personal Site / LinkedIn profile

</Field>

<Field id="bio" type="textarea" placeholder="Tell us a bit about yourself">

Please provide 2-4 sentences about your life experience as it relates to your domain, or anything else you would like to add. (Optional)

</Field>

<Field id="newsletter" type="boolean">

### Would you like to also subscribe to our newsletter?
Would you like to receive occasional updates?

</Field>

</Form>

</Content>

<Content id="Section 3" style="background: url('https://edgeryders.eu/uploads/default/original/2X/e/e5a48a0f6157e9b76a7c2983f2d1d6655b9e2db6.jpeg') 50% 10%; background-attachment: fixed; background-size: cover; padding: 40px 0 40px">

<Text style="background: rgba(255,255,255,0.3); width: 60%; padding: 30px;">

*This event is part of the NGI Forward project Generation Internet (NGI) initiative, launched by the European Commission in the autumn of 2016. It has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No. 825652 from 2019-2021. You can learn more about the initiative and our involvement in it at [https://ngi.edgeryders.eu ](https://ngi.edgeryders.eu/)*

</Text>

</Content>
</Webkit>